All notes made here can be overwritten if a card has text contradicting them. In general, the specific text on a card overrules the rules text here.




Keywords that cen be applied to certain card types:
Permanent: Land, Artifact, Creature, Planeswalker, Enchantment
Nonland Permanent: Artifact, Creature, Planeswalker, Enchantment
Spell: Instant, Sorcery, Artifact, Creature, Planeswalker, Enchantment
Can be cast: Instant, Sorcery, Artifact, Creature, Planeswaker, Enchantment
Can be played: Land, Instant, Sorcery, Artifact, Creature, Planeswalker, Enchantment
Can attack/block: Creature
Can be attacked: Planeswalker
Can tap for mana: Land
Can be played on another player's turn: Instant
Only one can be played per turn: Land








A magic card can be one or more of many types.

Land:

	Rules:
		Only one land can be played per turn.
		Lands do not cost mana to be played.
		Lands can be tapped for mana at any time the player has priority.
		Lands being tapped for mana do not start a new round of priority.
		Tapping a land is a mana ability
		
	Gameplay:
		Nothing can be on the stack in order to play a land.
		It must be your turn to play a land.
		When a land is played, it should be placed in the game area closest to the player, furthest from the opponent.
		Lands should be placed side by side with other lands.
		If a land becomes a creature, it should be moved up into the creature zone until it is no longer a creature.
		
Sorcery:

	Rules:
		Sorceries cost mana to be played
		Once a sorcery is cast, there is a new round of priority.
		After a sorcery is removed from the stack, either by resolving or by being countered, it is moved to the graveyard.
		
	Gameplay:
		Nothing can be on the stack in order to play a sorcery.
		It must be your turn to play a sorcery.
		When a sorcery is played, it should be placed on the stack.
		When a sorcery is removed from the stack, it should go to the graveyard.
		Other players, including the current player, have a chance to respond to the spell.

Instant:
	
	Rules:
		Instants cost mana to be played
		Once an instant is cast, there is a new round of priority
		After an instant is removed from the stack, either by resolving or by being countered, it is moved to the graveyard.
		
	Gameplay:
		Instants can be played regardless of whether the stack is clear.
		It can be anyone's turn to play an instant.
		When an instant is played, it should be placed on the stack.
		When an instant is removed from the stack, it should go to the graveyard
		Other players, including the current player, have a chance to respond to the spell.
		
		
Artifact:

	Rules:
		Artifacts cost mana to be played.
		Once an artifact is cast, there is a new round of priority.
		If an artifact resolves, it is put into play.
		If the artifact is countered, it is put in the graveyard.
		When an artifact is removed from the play area, it is put in the graveyard.
		Artifacts cannot be tapped "just because". They must be tapped by either themselves or another card.
		
	Gameplay:
		Nothing can be on the stack in order to play a sorcery.
		It must be your turn to play an artifact.
		When an artifact resolved, it should be put in the noncreature/nonland permanents zone, which should be above the lands and below the creatures